[OSDOCS#17058]: DC-2: Image Mirroring and oc mirror Tooling-CQA-2 (#115637)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installing-preparing-mirror-host.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * disconnected/installing-mirroring-installation-images.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="installing-preparing-mirror_{context}"]
= Preparing your mirror host

[role="_abstract"]

> Before you perform the mirror procedure, you must prepare the host to retrieve content and push it to the remote location.

Reviewer: This is a good modularization, I would just slightly reword this so that the abstract isn't self referential:

```suggestion
Before you begin mirroring images, you must prepare the host to retrieve content and push it to the remote location.
```
